Stop the bunch of dead things
Brother, you are here.
Mr. Wu, you are here.
What are you doing here?
Brother Li, this obscene bitch
Humiliating all the celebrities here
I'm going to give him a trek
To sell the hatred in the hearts of everyone here
It's the stinky stall of Governor Long
Say you are nothing in his eyes
So arrogant
Now the Dragon Governor has arrived
Your lies will soon be exposed
If you kneel down and beg for mercy now
curry favor with the governor
Maybe people won't care about you
Let me kneel
I'm afraid Longyanchi can't stand it
You are still unrepentant
Do you have to destroy my past life to be satisfied?
The only person who can destroy you is yourself
Forget it, Ran Ran
What else do you persuade him to do?
It's all his fault
Hades is not working
Anyway, you have already cut off the mother-daughter relationship with him
Mrs. Jing will put in a good word for you
Governor Meng won't blame you
Okay, I'll do my best to you now
Do your best
Feng Rock They're going to take my tongue
Did you know that?
Shi Yu is still stubborn
I'll tell you what.
Wait a minute.
Have them rip your tongue out section by section.
Dissolve into thin slices
How is brother
Goddamn thing
Do you want to rebel?